Service now audit (#33614)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/Integrations/ServiceNowEventCollector/ServiceNowEventCollector_description.md

Use this integration to collect audit logs automatically from ServiceNow.

To use ServiceNow on Cortex XSIAM, ensure your user account has the rest_api_explorer and web_service_admin roles.
These roles are required to make API calls.
However, they may not suffice for viewing records in some tables.

> Please make sure you have the correct role so you have permissions to work with the relevant table.

Reviewer: How does the user know which roles he needs to view some tables?

Author: This is an internal ServiceNow role management. If as a user of ServiceNow he has the permissions to work with the relevant table, he will be able to fetch in XSIAM as well

  
### Instance Configuration
The integration supports two types of authorization:
1. Basic authorization using username and password.
2. OAuth 2.0 authorization.

#### OAuth 2.0 Authorization

> To use OAuth 2.0 authorization follow the next steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use OAuth 2.0 authorization:
```

> 1. Login to your ServiceNow instance and create an endpoint for XSIAM to access your instance (please see [Snow OAuth](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/orlando-platform-administration/page/administer/security/task/t_CreateEndpointforExternalClients.html) for more information). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your ServiceNow instance and create an endpoint for Cortex XSIAM to access your instance. For more information, see [Snow OAuth](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/orlando-platform-administration/page/administer/security/task/t_CreateEndpointforExternalClients.html) . 
```

> 2. Copy the `Client Id` and `Client Secret` (press the lock next to the client secret to reveal it) that were automatically generated when creating the endpoint into the `ClientID` and `Client Secret` fields of the instance configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the lock next to the Client Secret to reveal it.
3. Copy the `Client Id` and `Client Secret` into the `ClientID` and `Client Secret` fields of the instance configuration. The `Client Id` and `Client Secret` were automatically generated when you created the endpoint.
```

> 3. Select the `Use OAuth Login` checkbox and click the `Done` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the `Use OAuth Login` checkbox and click `Done`.
```
